This is just sloppy craftsmanship.
Hey, Rick! Boy, sure is really
especially beautiful out there today, huh?
[sarcastic] It's almost unbelievable,
isn't it?
Yeah, there's something about the air,
and just the way the sunshine is...
-Sure, buddy. Brilliant. Very convincing.
-Convincing?
Oh, responsive, too, in real time!
I love it.
Uh... Okay.
[absent] I'm going to work.
Morty, good morning. Dad, good morning.
I'm going to work. Goodbye.
-What's with mom?
-Oh, "what's with Mom?"
So, you're saying that she's acting weird.
How sophisticated.
Careful, guys, you're gonna burn out
the CPU with this one!
You know what, Rick?
You're acting weird too.
Whatever, "Morty."
Alright, well, I'll see you after school.
Ow! Oof! Oh, dammit!
I'm alright, I'm okay.
[suspense music]
[Mr. Goldenfold] Alright.
Who can tell me what five times nine is?
[murmuring]
-Morty?
-Um, me?
What is five times nine?
[nervously] Um, you know, it's, uh...
at least forty.
[students gasp]
Morty, that's exactly correct.
Five times nine is at least forty.
Come up here.
[cheers]
Way to go, Morty!
Everybody, this is the best student.
[Mr. Goldenfold]
I want you to be the teacher today.
Teach us, Morty!
-Interesting.
-What do you want me to teach you?
How do you make
concentrated dark matter?
-Oh, that's a good question!
-Concentrated, huh?
Concentrated dark matter.
The fuel for accelerated space travel.
-Do you know how to make it?
-Um...
Come on, Morty.
Isn't your grandpa like a scientist?
Yeah, but he told me
that I shouldn't go around
spout'n off about his science and stuff.
I bet you've seen him make
concentrated dark matter a lot.
Y'know, if you tell us,
I'll be your girlfriend.
-Uh, you will?
-Seems like a rare opportunity, Morty.
-Morty, there's a family emergency!
-Stop right there.
If he leaves I'm giving him an F!
-He doesn't care.
-Aw, man!
Rick, I have to go back!
I think I was about to get married!
-Take a shower with me.
-What??
Listen to me! Get your clothes off
and get in the shower right now.
Ya gotta trust me, Morty.
[sighs]
I'm gonna get an F in class.
Morty, that's not class. That wasn't
your teacher, this isn't your school.
This entire world is not the world.
We're inside a simulation chamber
on an alien spaceship.
-What are you talking about?
-It's all fake, [burps] all of it.
Nanobotic renderings.
Bunch of crazy, fake nonsense, Morty.
I couldn't say so before,
they won't monitor us in here.
Monitor us? Who?
Zigerion Scammers, Morty.
The galaxy's most ambitious,
least successful con artists.
Lucky for us, they're also
really uncomfortable with nudity.
Come on, Rick!
If everyone's gonna be insane today,
let me be insane with Jessica!
I can't let you do that.
-Give it to me!
-No, you give it to me!
-Give it--
-Come on, Morty!
[alien] Ugh!
God, sir! They're still naked!
Well, check every five quintons
and tell me when they're not.
I think we should make Kevin look, sir.
What? No! Why would you even say that?
Sir? We have a situation over here.
If there's a wiener on that monitor,
I swear to God, Stu...
Something is drawing a lot of processing
power. Oh, wait, no wonder.
There's another real human
in the simulator.
Okay, Jerry. Big pitch meeting.
Make or break time. You can do this.
How did this happen?
Where's the Abductions department?
Abductions just follows
the acquisition order.
Don't put this on Acquisitions!
We only acquire humans
that haven't been simulated.
Well, Simulations doesn't simulate
anybody that's been abducted, so...
Oh, I see! Oh, it was no one's fault!
I'm sorry, well then, problem solved.
Oh, wait, no, there's still
another human in here! Who is he?
Rick's son-in-law, Jerry Smith.
So far he hasn't noticed
he's in a simulation.
[sighs] Cap his sector at 5% processing,
keep his settings on auto
and we'll deal with him later,
Rick Sanchez is the target.
Gotta relax. It's just a pitch.
Gotta relax.
[radio] This is Earth Radio.
And now here's... human music.
[simplistic three-note song plays]
Huh! "Human music". I like it.
[intriguing music]
[Rick and Morty pant]
Rick!
Keep your hands off your ding-dong,
it's the only way we can speak freely.
Look around you. Do you really think
this [burps] world is real?
You'd have to be an idiot
not to notice all the sloppy details.
Look, that guy is putting a bun
between two hot dogs.
I don't know,
I've seen people do that before.
Look at that old lady.
She's walking a cat on a leash.
Mrs. Spencer does that all the time.
I don't want to hear about Mrs. Spencer!
She's an idiot.
Alright, there. What about that, Morty?
OK, you got me on that one.
Really? Are you sure you haven't seen
that somewhere in real life before?
No, I haven't seen that.
Why would a pop tart
want to live inside a toaster, Rick?
That would be like the scariest place
for them to live!
You're missing the point. Why would he
drive a smaller toaster with wheels?
Does your car look
like a smaller version of your house? No.
Why are they doing this?
What do they want?
That would be obvious,
if you'd been paying attention.
[siren]
The president of the United States
is in here!
We need ten cc's of concentrated
dark matter stat or he'll die!
Concentrated dark matter.
They were asking about that in class.
It's a special fuel I invented to travel
through space faster than anybody else.
These Zigerions are always trying
to scam me out of my secrets.
But they made a big mistake this time.
They dragged you into this.
Now they're gonna pay.
Wait, what are we gonna do?
We're gonna scam the scammers.
And we're gonna take 'em
for everything they've got.
National Apple Farmers of America.
Welcome to our ad agency.
I'm Jerry Smith.
All right. I'll just get to the pitch.
Um... Simple question, gentlemen.
[dry throat] What are apples?
[clears throat]
Excuse me.
[coughs]
What are apples?
Apples are food.
And when do we need food?
When we're hungry.
With that, I give you your new slogan.
[Jerry sighs]
-Well, say something. Do you like it?
-Yes.
-You do?
-Yes
-So... I sold it? I sold the idea?
-Yes.
-Oh, my God. Thank you!
-Thank you.
-You're welcome. Thank you.
-You're welcome.
["Baker Street"]
Hey! I just sold my first pitch!
-Slow down!
-Looking good!
My man.
[phone rings]
Hello.
Guess who just sold the apples campaign.
-Who just sold the apples campaign?
-Me!
I guess it wasn't a rip-off
of "Got Milk" after all?
-Guess someone was wrong?
-Yes.
All is forgiven.
Right now, I've got an erection
the size of an East Coast lighthouse.
-and I'm coming home to share it with you.
-Okay.
-Wait, really?
-Yes.
Yes! See you in ten minutes.
[yells] Hey! I'm going to make love
to my wife!
-Looking good!
-Slow down!
My man.
Geez, Rick, I don't know
if I like this plan, you know.
Crowds, they have a tendency
to make me really nervous.
Relax. It's just a bunch of ones and zeros
out there. You're gonna be fine.
Just follow my lead.
Yo, DJ, drop that beat!
[hip hop music]
[crowd cheers apathetically]
Uh oh, Morty. This crowd looks too small
for one of our famous rap concerts.
I don't think we can perform our new song,
"The Recipe for Concentrated Dark Matter".
You got that right, Rick!
[crowd cheers]
Now that's more [burps] like it.
Morty, here we go!
Let me hear everybody say "hey-oh."
Yeah!
Hey-oh!
All the ladies say "yeah!"
Yeah!
Everybody over 30 do this with your hand!
Everybody with a red shirt
jump up and down!
[crowd beeps]
[kissing] Mmm, yeah, don't move.
[beeping]
Yo. Everyone whose first name begins
with an L who isn't Hispanic,
walk in a circle the same number of times
as the square root of your age times ten!
[crowd cheers and beeps]
Run, Morty!
Before the system reboots!
[Jerry] Yeah, you like that?
Now who's unremarkable?
[beeping]
[Jerry] You hungry for apples?
Are you hungry... for...
[straining] apples?
Ah! [laughs]
My God! That's the best sex
I've ever had in my life.
It's... too good.
I don't deserve this, Beth.
I'm a fraud.
Oh, man, Rick! Where are we running to?
Out of the simulation! Normally,
the chamber operates like a treadmill,
with the virtual world disappearing
and being rendered as we move through it.
But while it's frozen, Morty,
we can get to... the edge.
-Here we go.
-Holy crap!
Come on, Morty!
Sir, they're over the edge.
Yes they are. Just. As. Planned.
[all laugh]
Oh, this is going to be such a mind--
Keep your eyes peeled
for the central processing room.
That's how we're gonna scam them.
Why do they keep coming after you,
if you're so much smarter than them?
It's became an obsession for them.
The Zigerions have been trying
to outsmart me for years.
Every time they do,
I'm one step ahead of them. Aha!
Here we go.
Grab as many processors
as you can carry.
These guys are really good
at making these chips.
I've got so many I can barely
hold 'em all! Look at this!
Oops, I dropped one.
Don't worry, there's plenty of them,
you little goofball.
[both laugh]
-Come here, Morty, gotcha!
-Quit it!
Nothin' wrong with a little horseplay
every now and then, little fella.
[shattering glass]
Wow, whatya know, huh?
That was easy.
Totes malotes, dog.
-Just kinda hard to believe.
-Believe it.
And once again, I'm flying away
with everything I can carry
and the Zigerions got nothing of mine.
[sighs] Mr. Marklevitz,
do you have a minute to talk?
-Yes.
-Look, I'm a fraud.
Let's face it. "Hungry for Apples"
is just a rip-off of "Got Milk".
-It's almost identical.
-Yes.
[devastated] Okay, I deserved that.
Um... I guess I'll just pack up my desk.
Yes.
[sobs]
Oh my God.
Wait. You know what? No!
The milk people don't have a patent
on simple rhetorical questions!
There's not even a single word
in the two slogans that's shared.
It's a completely different slogan!
It's different!
And I shouldn't be fired,
I should be promoted!
-Yes.
-Yeah! Wait, really?
-Yes! I mean, it may be derivative,
but it's the most successful campaign
from this agency in a long time!
Yes.
I'm not saying it should win an award,
but it could be nominated for an award
for commercials specifically about apples.
-Like an Appley or something!
-Yes.
-Is there really an award called Appley?
-Could we nominate me?
-Yes.
Holy crap!
[Mr. Marklevitz beeps]
We did it! I'm gonna [burps]
be able to use these processors
to make some real important science stuff.
[wrong code sound]
Huh! I thought I entered the code right.
[sarcastically] Oh, well what's this?
What could this possibly be?
Because it looks
like you're inside a simulation...
inside a simulation!
You're still on the ship!
Game day bucket go boom.
Sir, the doctor's appointment to examine
the discoloration on your butthole flaps--
Too loud, Cynthia.
Too loud and too specific.
[laughs]
We've known how to make
concentrated dark matter for a long time.
But now we also know the code
to your fabled safe, Rick Sanchez.
All your most valuable secrets
will now be ours!
Until I get home before you
and change the combination, you idiots.
That is why you're never getting home.
Get them!
-No!
-Ugh, man!
Run, Morty!
[both pant]
Oh, my God!
[heavy breathing]
[aliens scream]
This morning, I didn't even know
this award existed.
Now I'm holding one, and...
[sentimental music]
Look, I want to say that today
was the best day of my life,
but, the truth is,
it's more meaningful than that.
-[black mailman] My man!
-Thank you, sir.
[sighs]
I am... finally complete!
[beeping]
[everybody stammers "My man"]
What the hell?
[sentimental music]
No...
-Dad?
-Why are you here dressed like a waiter?
Screw it, we don't have time. C'mon.
No!
[persecution music]
-Yes.
-My man.
[Jerry sobs]
Man up! I need you to work the lasers.
Oh, man, they're hot on our tail!
-I guess they really do have dark matter.
-But you know how to make it too, right?
Yeah, yeah. Check the engine room.
We just need cesium,
plutonic quarks, and bottled water.
-It's all here, Rick!
-Wow, lucky break! Grab that bucket.
Okay, two parts plutonic quarks,
one part cesium.
Okay, uh-hu.
Alright.
Empty the water bottle into the bucket
and pour it all into the fuel tank
so we can get the hell out of here!
What are you doing? There's no time!
[Morty beeps]
Oh, no.
-[Jerry] What the--?
-No!
[aliens laugh]
Oh my God, Rick! How dumb are you?
You're inside a simulation
of a simulation
inside another giant simulation!
[laughs] We never had the recipe
for concentrated dark matter!
But we do now!
We do now, sucker!
You simulated my grandson's genitalia,
you bunch of diabolical sons of bitches!
Kevin fought real hard
to supervise that project.
You said you weren't gonna tell anyone!
I'm never gonna live this down?
Alright, okay, great, wonderful.
You win. Can we go home now?
-I don't know, can you?
-Ha! Nice.
Okay. Show this gullible turd
to a shuttle. I'm done with him.
Oh, wait. Let me get a picture.
Look at his face. He's trying to
figure out if he's in a simulation still.
Are you Rick?
[slowly] Are you? [laughs]
You're not.
[jokey] Or are you?
And by the way,
I don't have discolored butthole flaps,
that was part of the simulation.
Sir, should I cancel
that appointment, then?
[shouts] Yeah, of course you should!
Keep it. Move it up,
actually, if you can.
Jerry, don't worry about it.
So what if the most meaningful day
of your life
was a simulation
operating at minimum capacity.
You know what, Rick?
Those guys took you for a ride too.
You should have respect for the dummies
of the universe now that you're one of us.
Maybe you're right, Jerry.
Maybe you're right.
[ambient noise party]
Alright everybody!
Two parts plutonic quarks...
one part cesium...
And listen,
I'm sorry for yelling earlier,
I couldn't ask for a better staff.
I love you guys
and I love all your families.
And the final ingredient...
Whoa! What the hell?
What happened back there?
Why don't you ask
the smartest people in the universe?
Oh, yeah, [burps] you can't.
They blew up.
[sighs]
["Baker Street" playing on the radio,
Rick hums the tune]
So, what do you think?
You're fired.
Wha-- But this idea was tested
in a state of the art simulation!
Well, then it was a terrible simulation.
Get out.
Man, how does a guy like that
go home and have sex with his wife?
[drunk] Hey, Morty. Hey, little buddy.
How you doin' in here, right now?
Geez, Rick. What are you doing?
[babbles] You're a good kid, Morty.
You're a real little character, Morty.
-Oh, boy.
-I had really rocky road today, Morty.
You're my little friend, aren't you?
We had some good times together, huh?
You're a real true hero, out in the field.
You're a real trooper, huh, Morty?
-Have you been drinking?
-I really appreciate you.
Okay, cool, alright, Rick...
You little son of a bitch!
Are you a simulation?
-Are you a simulation?
-[terrified] Oh, my God! No!
You little son of a bitch!
[Morty] Oh, huh...
-I'm sorry, Morty. You're a good kid.
-Geez!
-You're a good kid.
-Oh, my God!
What the hell?
[Rick snores]
What a life.